Our next big challenge is the concept of addresses.
So initially when you start using cryptocurrency and working with blockchain etc,
you just are amazed by how long some of these addresses are etc.
Over time as you get into it you get really desensitized to it.
What you lose sight of is the fact that
the things that we take for granted that are pretty straightforward zero,
X and a whole bunch of hex characters etc,
are pretty alien to normal users.
But in most wallets and DAP browsers etc,
users are continually faced with using these addresses.
This is an alien concept to them.
They are not used to it at all.
So it's up to us as
DAP developers setting sort of the standard here is to really make it easy.
So a few things you can do is don't show the entire address in the UI.
It's usually not necessary.
Instead, what you should do is generally start off the,
if it's an Ethereum address,
start off with a zero X, show an ellipses,
and perhaps show the last four to five digits of the address but make
it so that when the user hovers or touches depending on the context,
whether it's mobile or desktop,
that the whole address is then visible.
So don't make it opaque.
But don't have your UI polluted with addresses all over the place,
because it can make for
a very unsightly user experience and also a very unsightly visual experience.
Now there are many situations where a user has to copy
that address and paste it into their wallet or something like that.
So what you need to do is as you're building
your app look for those opportunities and try and make them smart.
Anticipate what's going to happen and show a Copy icon or
even proactively if you can do it without messing with the users clipboard,
get that into their clipboard.
Assuming that you know
that they don't have something else important that's already there.
But last but not least at least make sure that the address is selectable.
You'll see many applications where you try and drag
across but they've used some JavaScript to disable that
and so it becomes almost impossible and you have to
resort to all kinds of tricks to try and
copy an address that's super frustrating for users and you want to avoid that.
So while this seems like a very trivial thing
addresses you see them all over the place in the user interface,
it is absolutely a point of frustration for users and you
want to take care to make sure that you don't frustrate users.
All right. Let's take another quiz.
How can you increase user trust in your DAP?